Web Application Enumeration
Before we begin specifically
targeting WordPress,
we will perform a basic
directory brute force
to discover any potential sensitive files
and to confirm that the site
is actually running WordPress.
While dirb has many flags and
features that we could use,
we will run a simple test.
Our scan revealed common
WordPress directories on the target.
We also found some listable directories…
however, these are common WordPress
directories and likely won’t reveal much.
Let’s move on to a more specific scan with WPScan,
a WordPress vulnerability scanner that
uses a database of known vulnerabilities
to discover security issues
with WordPress instances.
For a thorough scan, we will need
to provide the URL of the target,
and configure the enumerate option,
to include “All Plugins”,
“All Themes”,
“Config backups”,
and “Db exports”.
Since WPScan outputs a lot of
information to the terminal,
we’ll save the output
to a plain text file.
The most interesting items include
the three installed plugins:
elementor,
ocean-extra,
and wp-survey-and-poll.
WPScan has its own vulnerability
database that the tool can use,
but it requires registration.
Instead, we can use searchsploit to find
possible vulnerabilities in these plugins.
Unfortunately, this search
did not return any exploits.
Perhaps our search is too specific.
Let’s instead simply search for “ocean”.
This returns a few results,
but none of the results
refer to our WordPress plugin.
Let’s submit a generic search for our
next plugin using the terms “survey poll”.
This search looks much more promising.
The fourth and fifth result seem
to be for our WordPress plugin
and the fifth result also matches the
version that was found by WPScan.
Let’s check this exploit’s requirements.
The exploit does not mention anything about authentication,
but it does require a specific cookie.
Let’s visit the plugin’s website
for more information.
Looking through the screenshots,
we find an example of a survey…
which looks similar to what we found
on the sandbox.local web page.
Let’s open up Burp Suite,
configure the proxy settings in Firefox,
and intercept the communications
as we interact with the survey.
We’ll start by launching burp suite
and we will accept the defaults.
Now let’s return to firefox
and enable the proxy.
With the page loaded and
Burp configured to intercept,
we will click one of the survey options.
Burp will capture a request.
We’ll click Forward in Burp
to send the request to the server.
Now when we reload the page,
we find the cookie
mentioned in the exploit.
We can leverage this vulnerable
cookie to attempt a SQL injection.